
h1. Acknowledgements

This work was funded under contract with Defence Research And Development Canada, contract number W7701-82702/001/QCA and a DND/NSERC grant with IBM and DRDC Valcartier
(DNDPJ 380607-09).

Thanks to Martin Salois, David Ouellet, and Philippe Charland of the DRDC for their work, research, and support.

Thanks to Dr. Margaret-Anne Storey of the University of Victoria for her help and supervision.

Thanks to Chris Callendar for supplying the Tetris software on which the examples for this documentation are based.

Diver Redistributes the HSQLDB database binaries, version 1.8.1.

HSQLDB is Copyright (c) 1995-2000 by the Hypersonic SQL Group.
All rights reserved. 

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

Neither the name of the Hypersonic SQL Group nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE HYPERSONIC SQL GROUP, 
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many individuals on behalf of the
Hypersonic SQL Group.